First of all, no panic, every computer hardware will stop working eventually.

The difference is, if you know it well and take care of  it, it will live longer, the easy way is read the manual carefully first.

Because the Motherboard (Mainboard) connected each parts, you must learn it well first. The Motherboard’s product name is “X470 Gaming pro carbon” from MSI.  It’s manual is here: 
https://us.msi.com/Motherboard/support/X470-GAMING-PRO-CARBON#down-manual

You can download a english version here:
http://download.msi.com/archive/mnu_exe/E7B78v1.1.zip
Try to find a way  to extract the manual from the zipped file.

The paper printed version is in the package, I think you have noticed that, but no time to read.
But for Troubleshooting, you have to find out it and start to read.
I haven’t the printed version, so I had to download it from the internet, In fact I prefer this electrical or PDF version, it is easy to keep and read and search online.

These pages are informative:
PAGE 46: EZ Debug LED
These LEDs indicate the debug status of the motherboard.
Take a look at these LED, try to find out all parts work or not.

PAGE 112: Troubleshooting
Read the section:
The power is on, but no signal to monitor
Pay attention at: 
If 3 long beeps are heard, remove all memory modules and ...
If 1 long 2 short beeps are heard, remove and reinstall the graphics card and ...

Test with another known working graphics card is a way to figure out if the graphics card works, or take this graphics card to another computer to figure out if the graphics card works with some ones motherboard. Because graphics card needs special electronic power, a computer power supply at least 550 Watt is needed, and power cord for graphics card is needed.

Caution: Power Down with switch off or unplug the power cord, before remove or reinstall Memory modules or Graphics card, or some part may damaged, and had to replaced with a new one.

So read the motherboard manual carefully, and be patient, take another 7.5 hours or more, to find out why and fix it. if you think some port has damaged, we can try to ask service from amazon, or buy ad new part to replace.

Treat this like another game, you will learn something new.
